# FootLockerApp
FootLocker Online Shopping Application  This web application will allow customers to make online purchases of products available for sale at Footlocker.  All customers can view all of their past orders, which includes an invoice number and a list of items they purchased to go along with the total price of the order.  Owners can also use the application to view the sales performance of each of the stores and the entire company as a whole.   Project User Stories (Required) As a user, I am able to login to my account with a username and password. There will be login validation.  As a user, I can register for an account by simply providing a unique username, unique email, and a password. As a customer, I must specify my local store that will ship my products.   As a customer, I can view all of my past orders, which includes an invoice number and a list of items I purchased to go along with the total price of the order.  As an owner, I can view the total sales for the business. I can also filter the sales by each store location to see how each store is doing.  As an owner, I can view which products and brands are the most popular and least popular by viewing the number of units sold for each product and brand.  As a system, I can use a shopping cart to manage all of the items the customers would like to purchase and I can keep track of the total price.   Project Technical Requirements Functionality should reflect the user stories above. Data is stored in a relational database. React is used as a library to build out the front end of the application.  Spring Boot is used on the backend. Employ the DAO design pattern and separate your code into the appropriate layers.   Project Technical Options (Not Required) AWS RDS is used for the database. Use Docker and Jenkins for DevOps and use a Micro-services architecture. Deploy the application on an AWS EC2 Use JUnit for testing on the backend and Jest/Enzyme for the front end.
